com/telran/oscar/pages/basket/ConfirmationPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.basket.ConfirmationPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/product/ProductPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.product.ProductPage
com/telran/oscar/tests/RegisterPageTests.java
 com.telran.oscar.tests.RegisterPageTests
com/telran/oscar/pages/product/CategoriesNaviPanelPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.product.CategoriesNaviPanelPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/PageBase.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.PageBase
com/telran/oscar/pages/user/RegisterPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.user.RegisterPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/product/BooksPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.product.BooksPage
com/telran/oscar/api/APITests.java
 com.telran.oscar.api.APITests
com/telran/oscar/utils/DataProviders.java
 com.telran.oscar.utils.DataProviders
com/telran/oscar/pages/user/DeleteProfilePage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.user.DeleteProfilePage
com/telran/oscar/pages/basket/RegisterFormPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.basket.RegisterFormPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/basket/ShippingAddressPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.basket.ShippingAddressPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/user/LoginPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.user.LoginPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/user/EditAddressPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.user.EditAddressPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/basket/PreviewOrderPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.basket.PreviewOrderPage
com/telran/oscar/tests/HomePageTests.java
 com.telran.oscar.tests.HomePageTests
com/telran/oscar/tests/LoginPageTests.java
 com.telran.oscar.tests.LoginPageTests
com/telran/oscar/pages/user/Profile_ChangePasswordPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.user.Profile_ChangePasswordPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/home/HeaderPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.home.HeaderPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/user/ProfilePage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.user.ProfilePage
com/telran/oscar/tests/OrderHistoryPageTests.java
 com.telran.oscar.tests.OrderHistoryPageTests
com/telran/oscar/pages/product/NonFictionPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.product.NonFictionPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/product/FictionPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.product.FictionPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/home/ContentPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.home.ContentPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/product/OffersPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.product.OffersPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/basket/PaymentPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.basket.PaymentPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/user/Profile_EditDataPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.user.Profile_EditDataPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/user/EmailHistoryPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.user.EmailHistoryPage
com/telran/oscar/tests/TestBase.java
 com.telran.oscar.tests.TestBase
com/telran/oscar/pages/product/HackingPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.product.HackingPage
com/telran/oscar/tests/ProfilePageTests.java
 com.telran.oscar.tests.ProfilePageTests
com/telran/oscar/pages/user/WishLists_DefaultPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.user.WishLists_DefaultPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/user/AddressBookPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.user.AddressBookPage
com/telran/oscar/tests/WishListsPageTests.java
 com.telran.oscar.tests.WishListsPageTests
com/telran/oscar/pages/home/SidePanelPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.home.SidePanelPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/user/OrderHistoryPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.user.OrderHistoryPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/product/EssentialProgrammingPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.product.EssentialProgrammingPage
com/telran/oscar/tests/EmailHistoryPageTests.java
 com.telran.oscar.tests.EmailHistoryPageTests
com/telran/oscar/pages/user/WishListsPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.user.WishListsPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/user/AccountSidePanelPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.user.AccountSidePanelPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/product/CompInLiteraturePage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.product.CompInLiteraturePage
com/telran/oscar/pages/basket/BasketPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.basket.BasketPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/product/ItemBookPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.product.ItemBookPage
com/telran/oscar/pages/user/AddNewAddressPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.user.AddNewAddressPage
com/telran/oscar/tests/BasketPageTests.java
 com.telran.oscar.tests.BasketPageTests
com/telran/oscar/tests/AddressBookPageTests.java
 com.telran.oscar.tests.AddressBookPageTests
com/telran/oscar/pages/product/ClothingPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.product.ClothingPage
com/telran/oscar/tests/ProductPageTests.java
 com.telran.oscar.tests.ProductPageTests
com/telran/oscar/pages/basket/WhoAreYouPage.java
 com.telran.oscar.pages.basket.WhoAreYouPage
